meeting every two years this is the 10th
Summit of the China Arab cooperation
forum and it comes as Beijing seems Keen
to demonstrate its closeness to Arab
states and support for the Palestinian
cause China firmly supports the
establishment of an independent state of
Palestine that enjoys full sovereignty
based on the 1967 borders and with East
Jerusalem as its capital it supports
palestine's full membership in the UN
and supports a more broad-based
authoritative and effective
International Peace conference as well
as calling for an immediate ceasefire
China has pledged millions of dollars in
emergency humanitarian assistance to
Gaza I call on the International
Community to fulfill their moral and
legal responsibility to stop this brutal
Israeli War and to immediately provide
for long-term humanitarian assistance
and to and the Israeli seed China has
been expanding its influence in the
Middle East as that of its us Rivals has
waned during the war last year Beijing
brokered a landmark reconciliation
between Iran and Saudi
Arabia China is willing to work with
Arab countries to strengthen
communication and coordination on
multilateral platforms like the United
Nations jointly advocating for World
multilateralism of equality in order
opposing hegemonism and power
politics China has also promised further
cooperation with Arab states on oil and
gas production and large-scale
infrastructure investment Rob McBride Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer